## The whole project consists of three parts:
* 1) the computation of the five vector representations (word embeddings) and the evaluation of the models
* 2) the aggregation of model on the term evaluation task
* 3) the aggregation of model on the word similarity task


##To install the whole project and reproduce all the results, please follow the 4 steps below:

###Please note that:
* all the scripts mentioned below are in the folder "src"
* whenever giving a directory as an argument, please end it with a slash "/", such as "./input_corpora/corpora/"
* all the output files and statistic tables (CSV files) are stored in the folder named "results" under the root directory
* the start time and end time of a launching is concatenated to the folder name to distinguish every launching result

## Step 1 check system environment and install dependencies
The whole project is developed on Ubuntu 16.04 LTS (64-bit, Kernel: 4.7.1) and Python 2.7.12. Other versions of Ubuntu should work with this project but Python should be the version 2.7.

To build the project environmemt, firstly run "setup.sh" with root to install a set of dependencies and packages. Then extract "tools.tar.gz" in the "src" folder.


## Step 2 perform the computation and evaluation of models
The arguments for this script are:
* [1] directory where the corpora locate (One sentence per line)
* [2] directory of the input corpus
* [3] choice of embeddings to compute or directly using existing embeddings
* [4] Input terms/descriptors path
* [5] Prefix of the result directory name
* Please note that for the computation of the model TSCCA, the settings are in the buil.xml file in the current folder. All the computations of embeddings have taken the default settings.

Please run firstly the python script "launch\_computation\_and\_evaluation.py" without argument and then read the detailed explanation of these arguments which appears next. Default arguments are provided to give examples about the format. Then run it again with arguments and check the results in the folder "results". 


## Step 3 perform the aggregation of model on the term evaluation task
The arguments for this script are:
* [1] directory of "details" which locates in the subdirectory of the timestamped folder under the "result" folder
* [2] iteration number during the training
* [3] learning rate during the training

Please run firstly the python script "launch\_aggregation\_term_evaluation.py" without argument and then read the detailed explanation of these arguments which appears next. Default arguments are provided to give examples about the format. Then run it again with arguments and check the results in the folder "results".


## Step 4 perform the aggregation of model on the word similarity task
The arguments for this script are:
* [1] sample data path (pairs and their human-evaluated similarities)
* [2] directory where all the models locate
* [3] use or not the existing sample matrix generated by previous launching
* [4] prefix of the result file name
* [5] iteration number during the training
* [6] learning rate during the 
* [7] dimensions in the hidden layer

Please run firstly the python script "launch\_aggregation\_word_similarity.py" without argument and then read the detailed explanation of these arguments which appears next. Default arguments are provided to give examples about the format. Then run it again with arguments and check the results in the folder "results".



If there is any problem, please contact me (jie.he@mines-ales.org)
